# Walkthrough
## Brief Overview
1. Login
2. Create a Recipe and post it
3. Like a recipe in the feed
4. View a different user's profile
5. Follow a different user  
6. Logout  

## Detailed Walkthrough
Run the app by running the main method of RecipeAppMain (User Interface class). The shell will prompt you for a username and password. First, try entering incorrect login credentials and note that the shell does not allow you to login. RecipeAppController (controller class) is calling LoginManager (use case class) to check login attempts for correct credentials matching a User (entity class) stored in the database (for now, we have dummy APIs implemented in our use case class DatabaseManager). Now, Login with an existing username and password (username: “justin”, password: “pass”). User sign up is not fully functional yet.

After a successful login, the user is given the prompt:
“Enter an action:
0 Browse your Feed  
1 Browse User Profile  
2 Post a Recipe  
3 Customize your User Profile  
4 Logout”  
Each of these actions correspond to a ShellAction (enum, listed under entity CRCs): BROWSEFEED, BROWSEPROFILE, POST, CUSTOMIZEPROFILE, and LOGOUT.  

Select the “Post a Recipe” action by entering 2 into the shell and pressing your Enter key. Follow the prompts by adding a recipe name. When completed all the required prompts, the Recipe (entity class) will be posted to the app inside a Post (entity class, with an attribute which is the Recipe associated with the Post). Note that Post extends the abstract PostableItem class.
You will now be prompted with the main action prompts (the String described above). Open your feed by entering 0 into your shell. You will be shown a list of Posts. Select one of the displayed Posts as prompted, and enter the command to like it. We don’t yet have the commenting functionality implemented, but this will use the Comment class (entity, extends the abstract PostableItem class).

When back at the main menu, enter 1 to browse a user profile. You will be prompted to select a user, and then will see information about that Iser, which is generated by the UserProfilePresenter (controller class). Select a different User to view. Follow the User by selecting the corresponding command displayed in your shell.
Exit to the main menu, and finally, enter 4, which will logout your current user, using the LoginManager (use case class).
